Feat: implementation of websocket with updated examples (#47)
mirage/irmin-server: README.md

$ dune exec bin/client/client.exe -- ping --help
```

`irmin-client` can also send commands to `irmin-server` via WebSocket.
To run an example thats ping the server:

```shell
$ dune exec ./examples/ping.exe ws://localhost:9090/ws
```

## Browser

### Server

`irmin-server` accept `WebSocket` connection which makes communication from a browser possible.
To run the server:

```shell
$ dune exec ./examples/server.exe ws://localhost:9090/ws
```

### Client

`irmin-client-jsoo` is a browser application that can be used to send commands to `irmin-server` via WebSocket

```shell

> $ dune build

Reviewer: instead of building the whole project, maybe we can add the following stanza (in `examples/js/dune`)
```
(alias
  (name app)
  (deps ping_js.bc.js index.html style.css)) 
```

```

To run an example thats ping the server from the browser:

> Open the file `examples/js/ping_js.ml` in the browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the file `_build/default/examples/js/index.html` in the browser
```
